Telegram-e-hentai-download-bot

A python Telegram bot receiving galleries urls and downloading galleries.

MAJOR FEATURES
1 While user providing galleries' urls, this bot would download all of them and archive them to 
  zip files (if user allowed) on the user's machine running this bot, including but not limited 
  on VPS, PC, Raspberry pi (and its copy), NAS.
2 If the bot encounters any error during download, it would send the report to user in Telegram.
3 It exploits e-hentai's api service and multi-threading download to improve the working efficiency.
4 It contains HTTP/HTTPS/socks5 proxy function useful in the territory blocking the access to Telegram 
  and/or e-hentai (exploiting socks proxy requires requests[socks] module).

ENVIRONMENT ADN PYTHON VERSION
Tested OS: Ubuntu 14.04 and 16.04 (Any OS supporting python3 would be good to go)

Python version: 3.5 or above

PRE-REQUEST
This program relies on several third-party python modules.

requests   http://docs.python-requests.org
python-telegram-bot   https://python-telegram-bot.readthedocs.io

BASIC USAGE

1 View the setup.sh/setup.bat then run one of them based on OS to install all the required modules.

2 Apply a bot at @BotFather on Telegram. Then retrieve the bot token.

3 Please copy all the content in "./DLmodules/config.py.template" to a new file naming "config.py" at the same 
  directory, then view and customize settings.

4 Run 'tgexhDLbot.py'.

5 Now user can exploit Telegram to access the bot. Please send the gallery(s) urls to the bot directly, 
  and the bot would begin download the gallery(s).

If user hopes to run this bot on server's background, creating a service with systemd (Ubuntu 16.04) 
or upstart (Ubuntu 14.04) is recommended.

LICENSE: WTFPL

Although I do not have a huge amount of time to maintain this repo, if you encounter any bug or have 
any suggestion, please feel free to contact me. I would do my best to deal with them.


Author's e-mail: saimonekurea[at]gmail.com
Author's Telegram: https://t.me/egg0001 